Smart pointers can be divided into two parts:

unique_ptr:
thread safe (without any cost (since only one thread can use it at a time)) and thread safe (with some cost)
the pointer types are: unique_pt, shared_ptr, and weak_ptr; unique_pt is in the thread safe(without any cost)
categary, while shared_ptr and weak_ptr are thread safe (with some cost). 
unique_ptrs are helpful when you want to expand out of scopes just like pointers do, but while having 
the standard library use RAII to manage the memory for you. its thread safe because only one scope/object can own it at a time.

Shared_ptr:
shared_ptr is the same, but a shared ptr can be owned by multiple scopes 
and also multiple objects at the same time; this in turn is done using a 
shared counter, and is the reason why shared ptr takes an allocator; in particular, unlike unique_ptr, which
takes a pointer, shared_ptr needs an allocator for allocating the shared counter. It is also worth noting that this 
allocator is not used for allocating the pointer, and is only used for the shared counter. The object owned by 
a shared ptr is destroyed when the counter reaches zero; the counter increments when a new shared ptr owning the object 
is constructed, and decrements when a shared ptr is destroyed. This infers that we have a mem leak if a pair of shared
pointers are pointing to each other (A good example of circular dependency). 
For example(1.1): if a Class B has 
a member object of type shared ptr of (forward declared class) class A, and the defintion of class A has a member
object of type shared ptr of class B (in this case, you can allocate memory for a forward declared class 
because shared ptr is a template, which means that the resolution for class A is at instantiaton time (since A 
is a template argument to a template paremeter), then 
you will have a mem leak if An object of A was default intialized, an object of B was intialized with A, and 
that object of type B was assigned to the object of type A. Why?
lets call the object of type A as (a) and of type B as (b). Now, first the counter of (b) is 1, then it become 2 when 
(b) is assigned to (a) (note assigning a shared ptr (or a object containing a shared ptr and a assignment operator that 
copies a shared ptr of a member of the argument (or the argument itself) to that shared ptr) results in the 
shared ownership of the resource owned by shared ptr assigned between the shared ptr assigned and the destination).
Now imagine that when both of them go out of scope, what will happen?
the count of both are 2 because (b) is assigned to (a) then the counter of shared ptr in (b) gets 
incremented(since (a) owns (b) hence every inside (b). The counter of counter of shared ptr in (a) because
counter of shared ptr in (b) got incremented, and counter of shared ptr in (b) points to (a). some people
(including me) might find this conceptually wierd and would rather blame shared ptr for behaving this wierdly, but
it is because we have the rule that we if (a) owns (b) then it will own everything in (b). Now because both of them have
counters with the value 2, hence non of them will have their destructors called when they get out of scope or you try
to delete them because both of them will have their counter reached to 1 (after getting decremented by 1). Weak ptr's
fixed these circular dependency issues, no matter how many objects are in this circular dependency cycle. shared ptr
is exactly as thread safe as a normal pointer; which means the ref count and destruction
is thread safe, but the data itself is not thread safe. This thread safety means that only one thread can
decrement and increment the counter at a time; this also means that only one thread will run the destructor for the 
underlying object in the entire lifetime of the shared ptr.


Weak ptrs:
Now, if you look at the example numbered as (1.1), you will see a circular dependency cycle, to fix that, you will have
to make the object initialized to none ((a) in the example (1.1)), you will have to make that object a weak ptr or
a reference of "shared ptr type".
basically, weak ptr's are a non owning reference to a shared_ptr, but are used instead of references because
they can represent the notion of a shared ptr that has its underlying object destroyed (the counter of shared ptr 
reached 0). Also to use the underlying shared ptr of a weak ptr, you have to get the shared ptr of that weak ptr first.
Getting the underlying shared ptr is thread safe; which means that the underlying shared ptr wont be destructed and 
ref count wont be decremented, while you are trying to get the shared ptr of that weak ptr. Also note: that 
if the underlying shared ptr's underlying object is destroyed (the shared ptr's counter reached zero) then 
trying to get the underlying shared ptr would fail, which is the reason why we use weak ptr's over shared ptr
references. Also, the weak ptr has a counter for the amount of weak ptrs to the underlying shared ptr.



